Quality Coach (#20)
OctopusDeploy/People: Quality.md

> ## Quality Assistance

Reviewer: I like how you have moved this outside the engineering section which was getting crowded.

Consider linking to the Quality Assistance document: https://octopushq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/IN/pages/892370955/Quality+Assistance

# Quality Coach

> > I work with Octopus team members to coach them to deliver better overall quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> I work with Octopus team members coaching them to deliver work with increasing quality.
```

### I am a coach

- I coach teams to deliver a product that is user-friendly, efficient, consistent, robust, and useful to customers.
- I can manage difficult conversations and tactfully challenge others, leaving them with a positive impression of myself and Octopus.
- I can effectively coach people and pass on my knowledge.
- I help teams to achieve better business value.
- I recognize and accept that change is constant, and my approach allows me to tactfully challenge, or confidently adapt, depending on which I deem appropriate.

> - I possess writing skills that let me be clear, concise, articulate, and persuasive in all of my outgoing communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I possess writing skills that let me be clear, concise, articulate, and persuasive.
```
I'm not sure the last part adds clarity. 🤔

> - I know how to make pragmatic decisions in order to maintain influence.

Reviewer: I think I see the point here, but I feel like I've had to work hard to understand the intent. Is it something along these lines?

> When it comes to software quality, I have strong opinions loosely held, and I effective at building consensus.
> I help product teams make pragmatic decisions in order to balance scope and quality within the constraints of fixed project timelines.

### I ensure Octopus teams can ship with confidence

- I am an advocate for quality.

> - I help engineers refine requirements and identify the right level of testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I help engineers refine requirements and identify the optimal kind, level, and timing for testing.
```

Reviewer 2: I help engineers refine requirements, prioritize tasks, identify the optimal kind, level, and timing for testing.

Author: > prioritize tasks

I disagree that that is part of the role

- I use customer’s feedback and data to measure our level of quality.
- I identify gaps in the quality processes and collaborate with the team to close those gaps.
- I introduce new testing practices for faster feedback cycles.

> 

Reviewer 2: I help identify the right team for the unresolved ambiguous tasks. Sometimes bugs(P3s and P4s) get lost while in development cycle as they might existing issues. Trying to find a board to fix those things and see if there are any customer issues around it.

Reviewer 2: I help engineers map requirements to user scenarios and to identify acceptance criteria. Suggest test automation coverage based on this analysis.

Reviewer 2: I work closely with products, designers, engineers, tech writers, and schools at octopus to ensure usability of the product.

Author: > I help identify the right team for the unresolved ambiguous tasks.
That team is the Product team (MichaelR/MatthewC) and the QRF backlog

Author: > I help engineers map requirements to user scenarios and to identify acceptance criteria. Suggest test automation coverage based on this analysis.

Would this not be covered under `refine requirements and identify the optimal kind, level, and timing for testing.`?

> ### I am an egoless, team oriented developer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I am an egoless, team-oriented person
```

> - Other team members genuinely want me on their team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Other team members genuinely want my assistance with their projects.
```

> - Other team members genuinely want my assistance with their projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Product development teams genuinely want my assistance with their projects.
```

> - I communicate professionally and keep stake holders engaged at all times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I communicate professionally and keep stakeholders engaged at all times.
```

- Even when I disagree with something I continue to work enthusiastically, learning from the others in the team.
- Every venture has mundane tasks, and I work happily and diligently through them.
- I go out of my way to develop a friendly and professional rapport with my customers and their team members.

> - My contributions to team discussions are net-positive, informative, and helpful.

Reviewer: Yes!

- I possess writing skills that let me be clear, concise, articulate, and persuasive.
- When it comes to software quality, I have strong opinions loosely held, and I effective at building consensus.
- I help product teams make pragmatic decisions in order to balance scope and quality within the constraints of fixed project timelines.

### I ensure Octopus teams can ship with confidence

- I am an advocate for quality.
- I help engineers refine requirements and identify the optimal kind, level, and timing for testing.
- I use customer’s feedback and data to measure our level of quality.
- I identify gaps in the quality processes and collaborate with the team to close those gaps.
- I introduce new testing practices for faster feedback cycles.

### I am an egoless, team-oriented person
- Product development teams genuinely want my assistance with their projects.
- I communicate professionally and keep stakeholders engaged at all times.
- Even when I disagree with something I continue to work enthusiastically, learning from the others in the team.
- Every venture has mundane tasks, and I work happily and diligently through them.

> - I go out of my way to develop a friendly and professional rapport with my customers and their team members.

Author: It may have be copied from the other descriptions

### I ensure Octopus teams can ship with confidence

> - I am an advocate for quality.

Reviewer 2: I am an advocate for quality and collaborate with the team to ensure each release is of better quality than we had before.

- I help engineers refine requirements and identify the optimal kind, level, and timing for testing.
- I use customer’s feedback and data to measure our level of quality.

> - I identify gaps in the quality processes and collaborate with the team to close those gaps.

Reviewer 2: I identify gaps in `quality processes and engineering practices`. 
Thought process: since quality is tightly coupled with engineering efforts and outputs, a change in the quality process will change our engineering practice?

- I introduce new testing practices for faster feedback cycles.

### I am an egoless, team-oriented person
- Other team members genuinely want my assistance with their projects.
- I communicate professionally and keep stake holders engaged at all times.
- Even when I disagree with something I continue to work enthusiastically, learning from the others in the team.

> - Every venture has mundane tasks, and I work happily and diligently through them.

Reviewer 2: 🤔 if we should have a generic one here: 

* I practice and demonstrate our [core values].(https://octopushq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/IN/pages/851378196/Our+values)

Author: I think the right place for that is https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/People/blob/master/Everyone.md
